1. What is your estimated grade for the Final Project (roughly of 100)? For partner projects,
   do you think the workload distribution was fair?
   Estimated Grade: 96/100
   I believe the implementation of multiple games (Sudoku, Wordle, and architecture for expanding PuzzleHub) 
   met most of the project goals. The core functionality works well, and I focused on usability, styling, and 
   modularity. There may be a few refinements or polish items left, but overall I’m proud of the depth and 
   interactivity.

2. What is your estimated grade for the course (letter grade)? You can support your
   estimate with examples of demonstrated engagement in the course material, strengths
   (and weaknesses) over the term, and growth throughout the material (some assignment
   grading feedback was delayed, but we would like to know what resources you used to
   iterate on the material, such as lectures, OH, Discord, etc.)
   Estimated Course Grade: A+
   Throughout the quarter, I’ve consistently engaged with the material and completed all the homeworks and 
   engagement opportunities. I’ve grown more confident in using HTML/CSS/JS together for interactive projects. 
   I made regular use of office hours to improve both small bug fixes and architectural decisions. My biggest
   area of growth has been in understanding JavaScript DOM manipulation and modular structuring of projects.

3. To what extent would you like feedback in your project (e.g. thorough, particular areas of the
   project, or just a grade)?
   I would appreciate medium feedback. Specifically, I'd love to know how I could better architect the codebase 
   for extensibility (adding more functionality to the hub in the future), and any UI/UX feedback on the game 
   that would make a more efficient and easier to use interface.

4. Anything else you would like El to know when grading?
   I tried to challenge myself by designing a reusable hub that can grow in the future, rather than building 
   just one game. Even though that increased my workload and required more structural design early on, I think it
   made the project more rewarding and demonstrates how I’ve synthesized the course’s frontend principles. Additionally,
   due to time constraints I was unable to finish the Crossword puzzle and the Minesweeper Solver, but I hope to add 
   these in the future.

5. Are you open to sharing your project/reflection for future terms? If so, would you
   like named credit or anonymous?
   Yes, I’m open to sharing, and named credit is okay.
